Meetup Guidelines & Expectations


Reference the “How to Run a RChain Meetup” generated by our friends at inblock.io for in depth standards and guidelines and templates. 

If you are interested in running a meetup, don’t have a proposal yet and would like help, join the “Local Meetup Development Support” discord server, and reach out to community manager @AyAyron. 
Framework for Github Issue: 

Title: 
Meetup - [Location Country/State/City]



Label: 
“meetup”

Description: 

Summary: Brief explanation including format (workshop, panel, presentations etc.)
Plan: Fill in the below information
Location
Date & Time
Agenda
Speakers 
Team
Content
Partners
Catering
Video Streaming/Recording
Preparation Schedule
Social Media plan
Metrics: The goal for our meetup(s) is to grow the community of members who are actively contributing to platform and dApp growth. We understand that collecting too much data is a turn off for some individuals, it is important to consider for resource allocation. Together we will find a happy place. Present your goals for these metrics and how you will measure them.  
Attendance - suggest using Meetup.com for event page. 
Emails - suggest that you print out the “RChain Newsletter” sign up paper and pass it around at the event. 
Connections - suggest that you to write a summary highlighting the key connections made through the events lifespan. 
Example: “During the meetup, Tim the speaker, connected with Joshy a developer to introduce him to the Rholang learning group”
Example 2: “While talking to Alice, the manager for location A, she expressed interest in Platform Co-op so we shared with her the coop information page and onboarded her to Telegram” 
Progress of Platform & Rholang education - suggest that you identify the resource you will base your education on, and share a unique link for meetup participants to use for accessing the resource. Coordinate with “Local Meetup support” server for support. 
Example “In your presentation show the link for Joshy’s Rholang Tutorial, explain that we will be working through the tutorial today, and then share the unique link with everyone participating in the meetup through the meetup page or a different digital communications channel”
dApp growth - suggest that you use unique link for meetup participants to access relevant information related to a dApp. Coordinate with “Local Meetup support”
Membership - suggest that you also use a unique link also for membership sign ups. Coordinate with “Local Meetup support”
Content - simply share your Videos/Photos or other content as a single file within the “Local Meetup support” channel. 


Approval Process:

Preparation: Work with “Local Meetup support” channel to create proposal, @AyAyron will help you create it as an Issue within the reward.rchain.coop system. 

Submit Proposal: After the proposal has been submitted, the “Events” lead for marketing will review and commit to sponsorship under the “post-meetup requirements” guidelines.

Post Approval: Continue to work with “Local Meetup support” to provide weekly updates on the execution of the plan. 

If the proposal is for more than the avg. budget, beyond monthly budget, it will require @AyAyron support to escalate proposal to the “Events‘ team. 
If the proposal is for a request for funds in advance of meetup, it will require @AyAyron’s support to escalate proposal directly to Events team. To set expectations, it is unlikely that advances will be given to unestablished teams. 

Reimbursement: 

Reimbursements will only unlock if there is documentation for the expenses within the scope of the approved plan. Keep receipts for your expenses.

Reimbursements will happen on the same schedule as rewards system reimbursements. 
Finalized by the 8th of the next month within the pay period. 

Budget:

Avg per meetup Budget: Up to 2500.00 USD reimbursed in RHOC/REV.
Pilot Budget: 4-6 Meetups for October/November

Resources: 

Local Meetup Support - Discord Server
Presentation(s)
“RChain Newsletter” template
Branding Assets & Style Guides
Example Professional Meetup(s)
RChain Meetup - Berlin
RChain Meetup - Amsterdam
